---
title: Cultists in the Sacred Grove
description: 
published: 1
date: 2020-05-18T00:06:39.803Z
tags: 
---

Records of a quest undertaken on the 1st of June, (someone please put year here).
## Participants
- [Dramstile](/characters/player/dramstile)
- [Magobak](/characters/player/magobak)
- [Mairon](/characters/player/mairon)
- [William](/characters/player/william)

## Accounts
> Morv(Spelling?), Drum Style, and William met at the guild hall of Last Hope early on June 1st to prepare to investigate rumors of cultist activity nearby. While waiting to depart Morv was viciously pooped on by a pigeon and was unable to get revenge, starting a blood war. The party was unable to find their fourth member, Mairon, and decided to leave without him. After encountering and easily destroying a group of giant wolf spiders in the woods Mairon was finally able to catch up to the rest of the party. Newly reinforced, the party ambushed and killed some cult members and "persuaded" the survivors to spill the secrets of their demonic cult. After telling us what they knew they suddenly and mysteriously died without warning. Once inside the hideout we found a little girl sealed by magic runes that Mairon revealed to be a demon. It left a magic battle axe on the gound but we were not foolish enough to break it's seal. A magician may be able to obtain the axe without crossing the line of runes. We found a statue with blood and treasure in it but it turned into a demon and attacked us. After a glorious battle the monster was vanquished and the heroes returned to town without delving into the depth of the lair, thinking it better to live and come back another day.

\- [William](/characters/player/william)

> WAS FIRST DAY OF JUNE MONTH WHEN MAWG START QUEST FOR VENGEANCE.  MAWG DAY START GOOD.  MAWG EAT EGGS AND MAWG HAPPY.  BUT THEN EVIL PIGEON COME.  EVIL PIGEON POOP ON MAWG!  MAWG THROW THINGS AT PIGEON BUT PIGEON IS EVIL GOD.  ALL PIGEONS MUST BECOME DESTROY! 
\
MAWG JOIN HUNTERS TO FIND EVIL MOTHERPIGEONS AND STOP PIGEON BREEDING GROUNDS.
\
IN FOREST, GROUP FIND SOME NONFLYING PIGEONS WITH MANY SPINDLY WINGS.  ONE PIGEONMASTER RODE ON SPINDLY PIGEON AND SHOOT MAWG AND FRIENDS.  THEN EXTRA FRIEND SHOW UP FROM NOWHERE.
\
FURTHER IN FOREST, FRIENDS FIND CAMP.  CAMP HAVE TASTY MEAT.  ALSO FRIENDS KILLED CAMPERS.
\
FRIENDS GO BEHIND SPLASH ROCK TO FIND SECRET PIGEON HIDEOUT.  INSIDE IS EVIL PIGEON BIRDBATH SHRINE.  MAWG STICK HAND IN AND GET SHINY STABBER.  FURTHER IN CAVE FRIENDS FIND CREEPY CHILD.  IGNORE CHILD AND LEAVE.  FRIENDS FREE TWO FRIENDS FROM CHAIN AND MAWG SMASH BIRDBATH SHRINE.  SHRINE GET ANGRY AND ATTACK MAWG BUT MAWG KILL.
\
MAWG ALMOST IS KILL BUT BIRDBATH BECOMES KILL IN END.  HEHE.

\- [Magobak](/characters/player/magobak)